update vmbackup/vmrestore README usage (#794)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: app/vmbackup/README.md

* Any S3-compatible storage such as [MinIO](https://github.com/minio/minio), [Ceph](https://docs.ceph.com/docs/mimic/radosgw/s3/) or [Swift](https://www.swiftstack.com/docs/admin/middleware/s3_middleware.html). See `-customS3Endpoint` command-line flag.
* Local filesystem. Example: `fs://</absolute/path/to/backup>`

> Incremental backups and full backups supported. Incremental backups created automatically if the destination path already contains data from the previous backup.

Reviewer: It was correct in both cases before. But if you don't like how it sounds - feel free to re-phrase. Like "vmbackup supports incremental and full backups."

2. Determine files in `-dst`, which are missing in `-snapshotName`, and delete them. These are usually small files, which are already merged into bigger files in the snapshot.
3. Determine files from `-snapshotName`, which are missing in `-dst`. These are usually small new files and bigger merged files.
4. Determine files from step 3, which exist in the `-origin`, and perform server-side copy of these files from `-origin` to `-dst`.

>    It is usually the biggest, and the oldest files, which are shared between backups.

Reviewer: "These are"
And no commas needed at all

5. Upload the remaining files from step 3 from `-snapshotName` to `-dst`.

The algorithm splits source files into 100 MB chunks in the backup. Each chunk stored as a separate file in the backup.
Such splitting minimizes the amounts of data to re-transfer after temporary errors.

`vmbackup` relies on [instant snapshot](https://medium.com/@valyala/how-victoriametrics-makes-instant-snapshots-for-multi-terabyte-time-series-data-e1f3fb0e0282) properties:

- All the files in the snapshot are immutable.
- Old files periodically merged into new files.
- Smaller files have higher probability to be merged.
- Consecutive snapshots share many identical files.

These properties allow performing fast and cheap incremental backups and server-side copying from `-origin` paths.
See [this article](https://medium.com/@valyala/speeding-up-backups-for-big-time-series-databases-533c1a927883) for more details.

> `vmbackup` can work improperly or slowly when these properties violated.

Reviewer: it sounded better before

### Advanced usage

* Obtaining credentials from a file.
  

>   Add flag `-credsFilePath=/etc/credentials` with following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Add flag `-credsFilePath=/etc/credentials` with the following content:
```

    for s3 (aws, minio or other s3 compatible storages)
    
     ```bash
     [default]
     aws_access_key_id=theaccesskey
     aws_secret_access_key=thesecretaccesskeyvalue
    ```
    for gce cloud storage:
    
    ```json
     {
           "type": "service_account",
           "project_id": "project-id",
           "private_key_id": "key-id",
           "private_key": "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\nprivate-key\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----\n",
           "client_email": "service-account-email",
           "client_id": "client-id",
           "auth_uri": "https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/auth",
           "token_uri": "https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/token",
           "auth_provider_x509_cert_url": "https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs",
           "client_x509_cert_url": "https://www.googleapis.com/robot/v1/metadata/x509/service-account-email"
         }
    ```

> * Usage with s3 custom url endpoint.  It is possible to use `vmbackup` with s3 api compatible storages, like  minio, cloudian and other. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Usage with s3 custom url endpoint. It is possible to use `vmbackup` with s3 compatible storages like minio, cloudian, etc. 
```

>   You have to add custom url endpoint with a flag: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You have to add a custom url endpoint via flag: 
```

```
  # for minio:  
  -customS3Endpoint=http://localhost:9000

  # for aws gov region 
  -customS3Endpoint=https://s3-fips.us-gov-west-1.amazonaws.com

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Run `make package-vmbackup`. It builds `victoriametrics/vmbackup:<PKG_TAG>` docker image locally.
`<PKG_TAG>` is auto-generated image tag, which depends on source code in the repository.

> The `<PKG_TAG>` maybe manually set via `PKG_TAG=foobar make package-vmbackup`.

Reviewer: it was correct before

> By default, the image builds on top of [alpine](https://hub.docker.com/_/alpine) image. It is possible to build the package on top of any other base image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The base docker image is [alpine](https://hub.docker.com/_/alpine) but it is possible to use any other base image
```
